he came to Israel with a message from
some Arab leaders that normalization of
relations is still possible but with
conditions they're ready to support a
lasting solution that ends the long
running cycle of violence and ensures
Israel's
security but they underscored that this
can only come through a regional
approach that includes a pathway to a
Palestinian State nice to see you
there's no sign that Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is with to
allow a Palestinian state but Anthony
blinkin again urged him to allow more
Aid into the Gaza Strip and he seemed to
convince Israel for now to consider
allowing people it displaced from
northern Gaza to return we agreed today
on a plan for the UN to carry out an
assessment Mission uh it will determine
what needs to be done to allow displaced
paltin Palestinians to return safely to
homes in the
north now this is not going to happen
overnight there are serious security
infrastructure and humanitarian
challenges 70% of the Gaza strips
infrastructure has been
destroyed the majority of the population
is hungry with famine said to be around
the corner and diseases already
spreading bodies continue to rot
underneath the rubble and in the streets
Anthony blinken says that several Arab
countries are ready to support gaza's
reconstruction after the war but it's
hard to tell when that will be as
Israel's says it will continue the war
throughout the year and a so-called day
after plan is still not clear but Gaza
may not have been the Israeli side's
main concern blinken's flurry of
meetings and military updates focused on
escalating tensions along Israel's
northern border with the Iranian back
group Hezbollah in southern
Lebanon blink's next stop is Egypt with
a Revival of a ceasefire deal and
another round of Hostage releases said
to be top of agenda but if this trip has
highlighted anything it's how far away
from a real settlement all the parties
to this conflict still
areat Al jaaz Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer